Improve devcontainer setup (#6570)
microsoft/aspire: docs/machine-requirements.md

* [Windows](https://podman.io/docs/installation#windows)
* [macOS](https://podman.io/docs/installation#macos)
* [Linux](https://podman.io/docs/installation#installing-on-linux)

## (Windows / Linux / Mac) DevContainer in VS Code

> On Windows you could also use VS Code with the DevContainers extension. This requieres that you have installed a container engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows you could also use VS Code with the DevContainers extension. This requires that you have installed a container engine.
```

Currently it's only tested with Docker Desktop.

> :warning: This will use around 16GB of RAM, after you loaded the solution.

### Install VS Code with DevContainers Extension

* [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
* [DevContainers Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-VS Code-remote.remote-containers)

## (Browser) Codespaces

> Just start the Codespaces in your fork. The initialisation of the code space takes around 5 mins. After that you can open the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just start the Codespaces in your fork. The initialization of the code space takes around 5 mins. After that you can open the solution.
```

This will take on the free version of Codespace around 10 mins.

> > :warning: With the free version of Codespaces the development experience is not nice. We recommend using at least a Codespace with 16GB of RAM or use your local VS Code / DevContainers instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: With the free version of Codespaces the development experience can be less than ideal. We recommend using at least a Codespace with 16GB of RAM or use your local VS Code / DevContainers instance.
```
